Loud Pewter Coyote

Invalid

# Self-Role Updation Should Not Be Allowed

### Summary

In the `manage_role` function, role members can modify their own roles, including the potential to remove themselves from their respective role vectors. This capability poses a significant risk, especially if a member deletes the last role in a given category (particularly the last withdrawal role). Such actions can lead to irreversible issues, such as the inability to update the withdrawal address and adding new addresses to the withdrawal role, since an admin does not exclusively manage the role.


### Root Cause

in `rova_sale.move:283` `manage_role` function internal call  `rova_sale.move:305` lacks proper checks to prevent role members from altering their own roles. Specifically, the function allows:

- Role members to remove themselves from their role vector. 
- in the function `manage_role_vectir` at `rova_sale.move:392` the deletion of the last member in a role category has not hecks, which can render certain functionalities unmanageable.

### Internal Pre-conditions

Any role member has access to the `manage_role` function.
The system does not enforce restrictions on self-modification of roles.

### External Pre-conditions

The role member intends to modify or remove their own role.
No external oversight or approval is required for role modifications.

### Attack Path

- the last withdrawl role member can `mistakenly or intendly` invoke the `manage_role` function with selfaddress to delete.
- They specify their own address (`addr_to_manage`) and set `rova_sale.move:395` `is_add` to false to remove themselves.
The function processes this request without verifying if the action is permissible.


### Impact

If this member is the last in their role category, the role becomes unassigned, leading to potential management issues like unable to update new withdrawl address and unable to add new member in `withdrawl_role`. There should be proper checks when updating a last role.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Check whether the deleting last address in withdrawle role is self (caller) or not. if it is abort with a message.