Strong Aquamarine Capybara

Invalid

# Role Self-Deletion Creates critical system Access Vulnerabilities

### Summary

The `manage_role` function in the Rova sale contract creates a  vulnerability where role members, particularly those with withdrawal privileges, can modify their own role status. Most concerning is the ability for the last member of a role to remove themselves, which could permanently break critical contract functionality. This is especially problematic for withdrawal roles since they're managed by role members rather than exclusively by the admin.

### Root Cause

The `manage_role` function lacks essential safeguard against role member self-modification, specificially.
1. No Validation to prevent self-removal from roles
2. No emergency recovery mechanism if all members of the role are removed.

The vulnerablle code section in `manage_role`:
```move
let role_vec = if (role_type == ROLE_WITHDRAWAL) {
    only_role(caller, roles.withdrawal_role); // Allows self-modification
    &mut roles.withdrawal_role
}
```
```
manage_role_vector(role_vec, addr_to_manage, is_add);
```

### Internal Pre-conditions

1. Role members will call the 'manage_role' function.
2. Tries to remove their own role.
3. Issue Occurs if the member is the last role member and tries to remove themselves.

### External Pre-conditions

No External conditions needed.

### Attack Path

1. Last withdrawal role member calls `manage_role`
2. sets their address as `address_to_manager`
3. sets `is_add` to false
4. Successfully removes themselves, leaving no withdrawal role members.


### Impact

1.  No way to modify withdrawal parameters.
2. Adminstrative functions may become unusable.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

```
assert!(
    !(addr_to_manage == signer::address_of(caller) && !is_add), 
    error::invalid_state(ESELF_REMOVAL_NOT_ALLOWED)
);
```